# FutureofTigers
Map of Tiger Landscapes and Historic Habitat Areas
For my final web map, I created an application mapping the tiger landscapes defined by the World Wildlife Fund. This web map was created to show both the historic habitat extent of tigers and the landscapes that will be used to aid in the tiger population conservation. 

I used the map template of Cerulean Theme to create my final map. At the top of the web page is the title, “The Future of Wild Tigers.” Below is the link to my news article that this map was made for. The container to the left of the page contains a summary of both the article and a report from the World Wildlife Fund. Once the user scrolls to the bottom of this container, a summary of the tiger landscape classes is given. This gives the user more context to the map and also explains how these landscapes were defined. 

I used the custom base map that I created in lab 4 to showcase the tiger landscape data. This base map is clean, simple, and allows for the data to stand out. Both sets of data mapped are polygon datasets. The largest polygon shows the historic range of tigers, displayed in a greyish-blue color. The tiger landscapes are displayed in brighter colors, allowing them to stand out on the map. An interaction was added at the top right of the web page. This interaction gives the name of the landscape and the classification (I, II, III, or IV) when the user hovers over a landscape. The landscape is also highlighted as it is highlighted. A scale is placed on the bottom left of the map. At the bottom of the web page is a container that links the data sources to the map. 
